add useModal core doc (#1494)
pankod/refine: documentation/docs/core/hooks/useModal.md

---
id: useModal
title: useModal
---

`useModal` hook allows you to manage a modal. Since it is designed as headless, it only outputs `show` and `close` functions and `visible` for state. It expects you to handle the UI.

```ts
const { show, close, visible } = useModal();
```

> You can pass the returned `visible` as props to component and use `show` and `close` methods to hide and show it. It does not provide any functionality besides this. You can use this hook anywhere.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use `visible` state to show or hide the modal. The `show` and `close` functions allow to change the `visible` state. It does not provide any functionality besides this. You can use this hook anywhere.
```

Author: Thank you 💯
